Add naming conventions for upgrade wizard identifier (#1356)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/UpdateWizards/Creation.rst

        */
       public function getIdentifier(): string
       {

>          return 'myExtension_exampleUpdateWizard';

Reviewer: This must be `extName_exampleUpdateWizard` following the existing code.

Author: Pushed another commit. All points should be resolved.

Once the wizard is created, it needs to be registered. Registration is done in
:file:`ext_localconf.php`::

   $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['SC_OPTIONS']['ext/install']['update']['myExtension_exampleUpdateWizard']
      = \Vendor\ExtName\Updates\ExampleUpdateWizard::class;

**Important:** Use the same identifier as key (here: `myExtension_exampleUpdateWizard`), which
is returned by :php:`UpgradeWizardInterface::getIdentifier()` in your wizard
class.

.. index:: Upgrade wizards; Identifier
.. _upgrade-wizards-identifier:

Wizard identifier
=================

The wizard identifier is used:

*  when calling the wizard from the :ref:`command line <upgrade_wizard_execute>`.

> *  when marking the wizard as done in the table `sys_registry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  when marking the wizard as done in the table :sql:`sys_registry`
```

Since all upgrade wizards of TYPO3 core and extensions are registered using the
identifier as key in the global array
:php:`$GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['SC_OPTIONS']['ext/install']['update']`, it

> is recommended to prepend the identifier with the extension key to make it unique.

Reviewer: Here we should find a better term than "extension key" since that's not really true. The "extension key" would be e.g. `foo_bar_qux`. But we suggest `fooBarQux` instead here.

Once the wizard is created, it needs to be registered. Registration is done in
:file:`ext_localconf.php`::

   $GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['SC_OPTIONS']['ext/install']['update']['extName_exampleUpdateWizard']
      = \Vendor\ExtName\Updates\ExampleUpdateWizard::class;

**Important:** Use the same identifier as key (here: `extName_exampleUpdateWizard`), which
is returned by :php:`UpgradeWizardInterface::getIdentifier()` in your wizard
class.

.. index:: Upgrade wizards; Identifier
.. _upgrade-wizards-identifier:

Wizard identifier
=================

The wizard identifier is used:

*  when calling the wizard from the :ref:`command line <upgrade_wizard_execute>`.
*  when marking the wizard as done in the table :sql:`sys_registry`

Since all upgrade wizards of TYPO3 core and extensions are registered using the
identifier as key in the global array
:php:`$GLOBALS['TYPO3_CONF_VARS']['SC_OPTIONS']['ext/install']['update']`, it

> is recommended to prepend the identifier with something unique to the extension
> to make it unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is recommended to prepend the wizard identifier with a prefix based on the extension key.
```
